# PIXEL DRAW

## Demo
Demo Video: <URL>

## GitHub Repository
GitHub Repo: <https://github.com/CarolineLee06/Final-Project/blob/main/proposal.md/proposal.py>

## Description
Do you like drawing on a whiteboard but wish it had the ability to draw in pixels? PixelDraw.py is a project that runs a window where the user can draw different pixel arts in the window. The window can be resized and is able to be made into full screen for those more detailed works. I wanted the window to be free floating so it could be moved into a drawing tablet for ease of drawing. The files featured in the project are the SRC folder which houses the code as well as a readme file that will take you to the demo video of the code and the Github repository. There is also a requirements folder that features all the programs needed to run this code properly and a link to where the user can download them. The final folder is the proposal folder that contains the code proposing the project concept.
In the future I would like to add on to the program and include different colors to the curser and make it to where the user can change the size and shape of the brush used in the pixel art. I would also like to make a program that allows for the user to input different photos into the window that they can draw over or add onto, or they can generate a pixel art image that has already been made. I'd like to also make the window look more like a traditional drawing program as opposed to just a window where there are different windows on the side where the user can change the tools and use other tools in the work like line tools. I want to continue to add on a build on the program so that it functions like a true drawing program that can be utilized by pixel artists instead of just an open window where artists can play around and draw. I feel there are a lot of directions I could take this program and I plan to continue adding on to this project even after the class ends through both cosmetic changes and performance changes to make it something a professional would use. 